#summary Imgbrd-grabber's changelog from v1.0 to v3.1.3

= 3.1 =
== 3.1.3 ==
  * Fixed single images download.
  * Added single images delete/download selected and loading/saving.
  * Fixed batch download details button.
== 3.1.2 ==
  * Added warning in the favorites part.
  * Fixed ignored tags (normal and wildcard).
  * Fixed saving.
== 3.1.1 ==
  * Fixed translation issues.
  * Fixed Shimmie single image download.
  * Fixed searches with '&'.
  * Fixed infinite loop for batch download errors.
  * Fixed problem when the images per page value is not a divider of the image limit.
== 3.1.0 ==
  * Asynchronous downloads.
  * Open CD tray / shutdown after batch download.
  * Restore after crashes (issue #54).
  * Search history.
  * Wildcard in blacklisted tags.
  * Remove forced resizing.
  * Docks on the window borders for tags, wiki, favorites and kept for later in order to have a direct access to all of them.
  * Add to favorites / kept for later directly from the search field (issue #74).
  * Wiki (only for danbooru-based boards).
  * File association for .igl files.
  * Fix images resize for huge images.
  * Fix single downloads (issue #62).
  * Fix wrong directory in options (issue #71).
  * Fix remaining French messages (issue #11).
  * Fix most of batch downloads crashes.
  * Fix a lot of memory leaks.
  * Fix images resize for huge images.
  * And a lot more I don't remember.

= 3.0 =
== 3.0.4 ==
  * Pseudo/password now hidden in log.
== 3.0.3 ==
  * Fixed log save path.
  * Added translations of some missing texts.
== 3.0.2 ==
  * Zerochan now downloads fullsized images.
  * Fixed %id% and %md5% for Zerochan.
== 3.0.1 ==
  * Log autosave.
  * Removed TheDoujin.
== 3.0.0 ==
  * Allow doing something during batch download. But not another batch download.
  * Batch download icons + progress bars.
  * Blacklist fix tool (will remove all downloaded images containing a certain tag).
  * Cache results for faster browsing.
  * Batch image limit default value to 1,000 to avoid useless requests.
  * Empty directories remover.
  * Fallback to next source fetching if one fails
  * Fixed splitter.
  * Fixed tab key navigation in forms.
  * Multiple filenames (triggered by a tag or a token).
  * Page set to 1 after each new search.
  * Pools.
  * Save/open batch download lists.
  * Search button added.
  * Set border size in the options.
  * Shortcut for the options.
  * Stability fixes.
  * Switched to Qt 4.8.
  * You can close image window by pressing Escape.

= 2.4 =
== 2.4.0 ==
  * Fix truncation and remove duplicates in %all% (issue #28).
  * Add filename length hard limit option.
  * Conditional tags.
  * Whitelist (automatic download for images containing a tag from the whitelist)
  * Ignore tags (such as "nintendo", "sega", etc. to avoid false "crossover"s)
  * Proxy support.
  * Improved batch download window (current download speed, percentage of download, and "copy links to clipboard" button).
  * Added batch download delete selected and download selected buttons.
  * Fixed columns in the batch download tab.
  * Multiple custom tokens.
  * Download images containing searched blacklisted tags.
  * Some minor translations and bug fixes.

= 2.3 =
== 2.3.0 ==
  * Bugfixes (issue #22, issue #23, issue #25, and some others).
  * Batch download window improvement (details part will no more show log, but table with image list).
  * No more lags when displaying big images.
  * Better support for Shimmie-based boards (issue #24).

= 2.2 =
== 2.2.1 ==
  * Fixed issue #19
== 2.2.0 ==
  * Parents/children (borders on image list).
  * "Maybe you meant" when searches gives no result.
  * Support of a local gelbooru with commands (+tuto).
  * Ctrl+click open tag in a new tab.
  * %search%, %search_1%, %search_2%, %search_3%, etc. tokens.
  * %id% token.
  * Search tags (at the left) and images separately to have the same tags results than with Regex with XML.
  * Little improvement for auto-completion. You no more need to press enter or space after each tag to hide the list.
  * Improved commands.

= 2.1 =
== 2.1.1 ==
  * Fixed issue #18
== 2.1.0 ==
  * Ordered options.
  * Tabs.
  * "View it later".
  * Option to choose between resize and cropping for preview pictures.
  * Some compatibility fixes with Danbooru Downloader 1.7.1 (in 2.0: "fate/stay" => "fatestay" while db downloader (and 2.1 now) gives "fate stay")
  * Shows most used tags in the main window.
  * Supports more things in the post-filtering field (source, id, width, height and score).

= 2.0 =
== 2.0.0 ==
  * Added sources manager.
  * Autodownload.
  * Added sources in the "+" part.
  * Added support to animated GIFs.
  * Choose where the program will display tags.
  * Sortings in search field's context menu added.
  * Direct link in details window.
  * Next page and previous page buttons added.
  * Search fields merged.
  * Removed "Results" text.
  * Fixed RAM usage.
  * Fixed preview pictures showing up lately when merging results.
  * Fixed batch download window (log not resizing).

= 1.9 =
== 1.9.3 ==
  * Fixed issue 16 (e621's batch download).
== 1.9.2 ==
  * Half-fixed issue 16 (e621's image listing).
== 1.9.1 ==
  * Fixed favorites check.
== 1.9.0 ==
  * Basic post-filtering to bypass tags limitation. Supports ratings and tags.
  * Hide favorites list if there are too many pictures to display (you can change this limit in the options).
  * Change margins in the settings.
  * Improve batch download window.
  * Check new images for favorites (with a button or a setting to check them a start).
  * Choose options (limit...) for each search, using a "+" button near the validation buttons.
  * Favorites using "order:score" to allow personalized limits.
  * Change fonts for coloration.
  * Login to bypass danbooru's limitations.

= 1.8 =
== 1.8.1 ==
  * Fixed "&" in batch download
== 1.8.0 ==
  * Options remade.
  * Now check filename format's validity.
  * Order favorites by name, note, or by the last time they have been marked as viewed.
  * Choose folder and filename format at first launch.
  * Merge search results using md5.
  * Change coloration for artist, copyright, character, etc. tags in the options.
  * Added link to save folder in menu.
  * Bugfixes

= 1.7 =
== 1.7.4 ==
  * Focus automatically on search field at start.
  * Fixed timezone and summertime for favorites.
  * Fixed r34 website.
  * Added tentaclerape.net website.
== 1.7.3 ==
  * Fixed %website% token in batch download.
== 1.7.2 ==
  * One of the batch download bugs fixed.
== 1.7.1 ==
  * Fixed issue #10
== 1.7.0 ==
  * Favorites.
  * Added details window to images window (now only tags are displayed on the image window, and details can be accessed clicking on "More details").
  * Added calendar to choose a favorites date.
  * Now waits for image to be loaded before saving.
  * Improved auto-updater (which should NOT be used to update to this version since it is too buggy, it will remains to 1.6 version since it is totally functionnal).
  * Improved coloration.
  * Added log options (invert and hide).
  * Saving image switch the "Save and close" button to "Close".

= 1.0 =
== 1.6 ==
  * Added an auto-updater (not working).
  * A few minor improvements and bug fixes.
  * Fixed issue #8
== 1.5 ==
  * Added compatibility with Mozilla Firefox extension "Danbooru Downloader".
  * Less pages loaded if %artist%, %character%, %copyright% are not used (faster grouped downloads).
  * Fixed issue #7
== 1.4 ==
  * Added commands tab in the options.
  * Fixed issue #6
== 1.3 ==
  * Fixed issue #3
  * Fixed issue #4
  * Fixed issue #5
== 1.2 ==
  * Fixed issue #1
== 1.1 ==
  * Fixed issue #2 by adding a new configuration field : "date format".
== 1.0 ==
  * First release.