#summary Commandline usage


*This feature will be added in the 1.7 version. It is not working for the moment.*

----

= Introduction =
Using commandline, you cas automate downloads of an entire batch of tags very easily. If you don't want to start the program a lot of times, it is a good and quick solution.

= General =
== Windows ==
  # Go to "Start > Run", put "cmd" then press ok.
  # Go to the installation folder using the "cd" command (example: "cd C:/Program Files/Grabber"). If you installed the program on another drive than C:, just add the "/D" paramter (example: "cd /D E:/Programs/Grabber").
  # Now, you can launch the application, and all its paramters, that we are going to study now.

= Parameters =
  * batch: you must specify this parameter if you want the program to download in console instead of starting gui
  * booru (b): the booru you want to use (you can use multiple boorus separating them with spaces)
  * limit (l): the maximum amount of files the program can download.
  * page (s): the first page
  * path (p): where you want to save pictures
  * filename (f): the saving format (see the options window)
  * Others paramters are considered as tags.
For example :
{{{
Grabber.exe happoubi_jin -booru=danbooru.donmai.us -limit=100 -page=1 -path="C:/Users/Bionus/My Pictures" -format=%md5%.%ext -batch
}}}

= Log-in =
Sometimes, the server will be overloaded, and will promote the logged-in visitors. In this case, it is necessary to log-in. For this, two additional parameters are available:
  * user (u): the username
  * password (w) : the password
For example :
{{{
Grabber.exe happoubi_jin -user=Bionus -password=YOUR_PASSWORD_HERE -booru=danbooru.donmai.us -limit=100 -page=1 -path="C:/Users/Bionus/My Pictures" -format=%md5%.%ext -batch
}}}
Of course replace "YOUR_PASSWORD_HERE" by your real password, or its hashed version. To get your passowrd's hashed version, use the sha1 algorithm and hash the string "choujin-steiner--YOUR_PASSWORD--".
*This functionnality has not been tested, since I didn't found the server overloaded since I implemented this feature. So if you tested it and that it worked (or not), I'd be glad to know.*