#summary How to use the "commands" tab to add entries in a database for each download

=Introduction=

Note that this feature is pretty limited, and if you have any suggestion for improving it, don't hesitate add an issue in the "Issue" tab.
*I highly recommend having some knowledge for reading this.*


=How to=

First, go to the "Commands" tab of the Options window.
Here, you have three fields: "Initialization", "Image" and "Tag".

==Initialization==
Since we are here talking databases, we must first connect to this database. For example, for a MySQL database, the command is (on windows) "path/to/mysql/file --user=USER_NAME --password=PASSWORD DATABASE_NAME" (if there are spaces in the path to mysql, remember to surround it by quotes). Of course you will have to replace "USER_NAME" by your user name, "PASSWORD" by your password and DATABASE_NAME by the name of your database. Note that the username/password is often "root" with an empty password if your database is a local one.
So here you have, for example:
{{{
"C:/Program Files/wamp/bin/mysql/mysql5.1.36/bin/mysql.exe" --user=root --password= imageboard
}}}
And now, you have your connection ready !

==Image==
Here, you now just have to put the query for adding an image in the database, using the same tokens as for saving images.
*Do not forget to put an ";" at the end of your query !*
For example :
{{{
INSERT INTO images(id, rating, tags) VALUES(NULL, '%rating%', '%tags%');
}}}

==Tag==
Here, you now just have to put the query for adding a tag in the database, using the tokens written under the field.
*Do not forget to put an ";" at the end of your query !*
For example :
{{{
INSERT INTO tags(name, type) VALUES('%tag%', '%type%');
}}}

= Gelbooru =
==Image==
Work in progress...
{{{
...
}}}

==Tag==
You must change tag_index.tag index and set it to be unique first.
{{{
INSERT INTO tag_index(tag, index_count) VALUES("%tag%", 1) ON DUPLICATE KEY UPDATE index_count = index_count+1;
}}}